feat: Support edit api v2 (#1581)
openscd/open-scd: docs/core-api/edit-api.md

Reviewer: I made some change proposal (title level, and text place) to make the two scope clearer (new and old API)

# Edit Event API

Open SCD offers an API for editing the scd document which can be used with [Html Custom Events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent/CustomEvent). The main Open SCD components listens to events of the type `oscd-edit`, applies the changes to the `doc` and updates the `editCount` property.

The edits to the `doc` will be done in place, e.g. the `doc` changes but will keep the same reference. If your plugin needs to react to changes in the doc, you should listen to changes in the `editCount` property.

> ### Event factory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Event factory
```

```ts

const update: Update = {
  element: elementToUpdate,
  attributes: {
    name: {
      value: 'namespaced name',
      namespaceURI: 'http://www.iec.ch/61850/2003/SCLcoordinates'
    },
    type: {
      value: 'namespaced type',
      namespaceURI: 'http://www.iec.ch/61850/2003/SCLcoordinates'
    },
  }
};

```

Adding, updating and removing attributes with and without namespaces can be combined in a single `Update`.

### Complex edits

Complex edits can be used to apply multiple edits as a single event. This will create a single entry in the history. You can create complex edit events by passing an array of edit events to the `newEditEvent` factory function.

```ts
import { newEditEvent } from '@openscd/core';

const complexEditEvent = newEditEvent([ insert, update, remove ]);

someComponent.dispatchEvent(complexEditEvent);

```

## History

All edit events with initiator `user` will create a history log entry and can be undone and redone through the history addon.

> ## Editor Action API (deprecated)
> 
> Before the edit event API the editor action API was used to edit the `doc`. It is also custom event based and listens to the events of the type `editor-action`.
> 
> For backwards compatibility the API is still supported, but it is recommended to use the edit event API instead. Internally editor actions are converted to edit events.
> 
> ### Breaking changes due to migration
> 
> With open SCD version **v0.36.0** and higher some editor action features are no longer supported. 
> 
> * The edtior action properties `derived` and `checkValidity` do not have any effect.
> * All validation checks have been removed (i.e. check for unique `id` attribute on element before create).
> * The `title` for `ComplexAction` does not have any effect.
> 
> ### Event factory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Breaking changes due to migration

Before the edit event API the editor action API was used to edit the `doc`. It is also custom event based and listens to the events of the type `editor-action`.

For backwards compatibility the API is still supported, but it is recommended to use the edit event API instead. Internally editor actions are converted to edit events.

With open SCD version **v0.36.0** and higher some editor action features are no longer supported see [Deprecated Editor Action API](#archives---editor-action-api-deprecated). 

* The editor action properties `derived` and `checkValidity` do not have any effect.
* All validation checks have been removed (i.e. check for unique `id` attribute on element before create).
* The `title` for `ComplexAction` does not have any effect.

---

# Archives - Editor Action API (deprecated)

## Event factory
```
